This is my grandfather-in-law and my grandmother
His name's Julio Galdino
he is with my grandmother many years
Years ago, my grandfather was really antisocial, but over the years, he was getting better.
Nowadays, he likes to drink beer with all of the family.

My grandmother called Isabel Amelia Nunes
She looks like with my mother, and she makes a delicious candies, in special the pudding.
They had a child, called Julio Cesar

He is my uncle, and he's five years older than me
In the childhood, we played as well and fought too.
I remember that he wanted to be a Goku and me too, but only one could be.
And we fought about it.
Julio Cesar had three children, Laura, Vitor Cesar and Diogo.
They are cute.
I taught how to play Guitar Hero on PS2 for Vitor and he learned very well.
Lidiane, his wife, is Regiane's sister, who is also my aunt.

Before to marriedd with my grandfather-in-law, my grandmother was married with my grandfather Miguel.
I never saw him before, just in picture, because he was murdered when my mother was 4 years old.
And in this marriage, my grandmother had 4 children.
Adriano, Luciano, Vera and more one aunt, I don't know her name.
because my grandmother had to give another family.
My grandmother doesn't like to talk about it. 
For my grandma, it was the worst thing she ever did.

Adriano is my uncle and he is a closed guy, and his had covid recently.
His wife, Regiane likes to talk and drink beer.
They have two children, Deborah and Bruno. 
I grew up with Deborah, but I don't have contact with Bruno.
Because in most days, I don't like to travel to Cruzalia for parties. 
My family came from Cruzalia, and the parties are made there
I don't like to travel.

Luciano looks like my mother, both like to talk, but he's a funny guy. He likes to tell jokes.
Luciano and Alice are married and they had two children, Diego and Hugo.
Diego looks like his father, he likes to tell jokes too.
Hugo I don't know much, only when he was little, like my other cousin, Bruno. 

And my grandmother's last child, Vera, my mother.
My mother likes to talk much, anywhere she makes friends.
In most cases, in the lines of bank, supermarket, etc.
She's very friendly.
My father looks like me, he doesn't to talk much and he likes to be (na dele)
I am an only child and I like it.
I believe it was the best choice. 
Because a child spends a lot.

My father is son from my grandfather called Martins and my late grandmother Benedita.
My grandmother passed away 2 years ago, and my grandfather suffers on this days.
They had 6 children, My father called Aparecido, Marta, Gilson, Juarez, Wilson and Ana.
My aunt Marta really likes me and I like her too.
She married with Edivaldo and had one child.
Their child called João Lucas and he's messy.

Gilson is the uncle that more likes me, he really helps me when I didn't have a computer.
He give me two computers in ten years, and call me always.
He doesn't have a wife and I think it's ok, he's happy, then for me it's fine too.

My aunt Juarez give me all when I was child, he considered me as a son.
His wife called Raquel and she's a manicure.
When I was child, she was cutting my hair for free.

Wilson had cerebral palsy, because there was no vaccine at the time.
With each passing years, my uncle gets worse.
He's happy, but he had more dependecy for my family.
When my grandmother left, it was hard.
But nowadays it's every ok.

My last aunt Ana married with Givaldo and they had two children
Gabriela and Julia
My uncle really likes to drink, at 10 o'clock he is alreay drinking on weekends.
My cousin Julia has a problem with her spine, and she's waiting to be old enough for surgery.
Gabriela helps my grandfather with houseworks, but she receives for it.
